To fix that here in this filter I need to again use my off service.
Reach out to the user I.D. which is an observable and subscribe to it and I'll get my user I.D. as a
result.
Then we can move this entire check here into that subscription simply and here user I.D. will now be
a whale.
So now here where I use this off service user I.D. I just use user I.D. which is the result of my subscription
and that should already be all.
Now we also have a problem in the place detail page there.
We also used to user I.D. here and we have another problem down there.
Now here first of all I have a number.
Observable chain where I get my place and I subscribe.
Now that means we'll have to or we probably want to change the two.
Observable change together.
First of all though I'll reach out to be of service to the user I.D. and they're all now not subscribe
but I'll use the pipe method here instead so that I can add a switch map.
And that's which map of course is important from our exchange as operators
and now in switch map I get that user I.D. if we have no user I.D. here then I will again fro And you
error found no user or anything like that.
Otherwise we'll continue.
And then I will continue with this place as service get place which I will return here because that
yields and no observable like that and what I had here this subscribed call now simply happens on both
combined observable chains.
Now the important thing is that the user I.D. is available here in the switch map but I need it down
there now for the ad we can add a number variable fetched user I.D. which is a string and then here
once I have a user I.D. I'll set fetched user I.D. equal to user I.D. and there where I need it I can
now simply use that fetched user ideal just like that.
Now if we scroll down to the second problem here I have no subscribe method on ADD booking her dad.
Let me quickly go to the booking service
Yeah indeed.
I need to return this entire chain of course so that in the end we do return and observable here in
AD booking.
So that I can subscribe in the place detail page now in the place.
Service I have no problem there I also want to get that user I.D. notice solution is the same as before
we reach out to this of service user I.D..
And now we could subscribe here but we'll send a HBP request later.
So the solution is the same as in a booking service.
I use the pipe method and then we use Switch map here where we get that user I.D..
If we don't have an user user I.D. then I'll throw a new error.
No user found otherwise.
If we have a user well then we can create our new place which will actually which will actually create
as a variable up there like this.
And now I'll not create a constant here but just use that variable and set it to a value to the new
place object and I'll grab this to gather with my HBP request down there.
Move that often does if check here and there we now have access to the user I.D. which I get as an argument
and switch map because it is the result of a subscription to user deep.
Important thing though I only want to get one user idea and not set up an ongoing subscription just
as I did it in the booking service.
There are all to take one and therefore I do the same here in the place service.
Now we're creating a new place where sending this HDP request hence instead of adding a new pipe method
call we can pipe diver operators on the same observable chain or in the same pipe method call and in
the end of course I want to return this entire observable chain here in app place as well.
And with all that out of the way it now recompile and I and I should have fixed all the errors we had
before because now we're using our user I.D. correctly.
Now let's see what else we can do.